Remove the View (#1364)
spatialos/gdk-for-unity: UPGRADE_GUIDE.md

# Upgrade Guide

## From `0.3.9` to `0.3.10`

### ComponentUpdateSystem API changes

The methods `GetAuthority`, `GetComponent`, and `HasComponent` have been removed from the `ComponentUpdateSystem`.
They can be replaced by similar usage of the `EntityManager`.

* `componentUpdateSystem.GetAuthority(entityId, componentId)` to `EntityManager.HasComponent<ComponentType.Authority>(entity)`.
* `componentUpdateSystem.GetComponent<ComponentType.Snapshot>(entityId)` to `EntityManager.GetComponentData<ComponentType.Component>(entity)`.
* `componentUpdateSystem.HasComponent(componentId, entityId)` to `EntityManager.HasComponent<ComponentType.Component>(entity)`

The `WorkerSystem` and `ComponentDatabase` can be used to convert from `entityId` to `entity`, and from `componentId` to a component type.

### Readers and Writers Authority

> The `Reader` and `Writer` classes have had their `Authority` property changed to `HasAuthority`.
> Instead of returning an Enum, they now return a boolean indicating whether you have authority over the given component or not.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Reader` and `Writer` classes have had their `public Authority Authority` property changed to `public bool HasAuthority`. `HasAuthority` now indicates whether you have authority over the given component or not.
```
